1. Find a simple function form the internet and examine how it works and explain what it does. 
After that, change its operation in a way of your choice (e.g. change some calculation or add a calculation etc. and print). 

2. Divide some exercises from Sets 1-2 into their own function and call them separately from the main function. 
Here you don't need parameters or return values ​​yet. One subroutine should be the one that prints random numbers. 
Note: one function does one thing, not many different things! 

3. Find a simple function online that uses both parameters and a return value. 
Find out how the function and the parameters and the return value work. 
Change the function so that you add one parameter and perform some operation on it in the function (e.g. calculation and print). 
Also change the return value in some way (e.g. perform an additional operation on the original parameters, e.g. some calculation). 
Print the return value at the point where the function is called (e.g. in main function). 

4. Change the function that prints random numbers so that instead of printing a number, it returns a random number. 
Print the return value at the point where the function is called. 

5. Change the function that prints random numbers so that you can give it a parameter of the desired range of 
numbers from which the random number is returned. Print the return value at the point where the function is called.

6. Give three numbers to the function as parameters and calculate the average of the numbers in the function. 
Return the result as a return value and print the return value. 
First use three hard-coded variables.
Then ask the user for three numbers.
Then use the three numbers you get from the function that returns random numbers.
If this was too easy, give the numbers in an array as parameters to the function.
If you already know pointers, give the array as a reference to the function (find out the concepts call by value and call by reference).

